readme.md, before:

## Installation

The pattern library is a Jekyll & Patternbot based application, so it requires Ruby to be installed.

[*☛ Follow these instructions to get Ruby & Bundler installed*](https://learn-the-web.algonquindesign.ca/courses/web-dev-4/install-more-developer-tools/)

1. Navigate to the correct folder in Terminal. Use GitHub Desktop’s `Repository > Open in Termal` command.
2. Type the following command `bundle install`

---

## Starting the server

The pattern library is a Jekyll & Patternbot based application that requires a running Terminal instance.

1. Navigate to the correct folder in Terminal. Use GitHub Desktop’s `Repository > Open in Termal` command.
2. Type the following command: `bundle exec jekyll serve`
3. View the functional website at: [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)
4. View the pattern library at: [http://localhost:4000/pattern-library/](http://localhost:4000/pattern-library/)
---

## Collaborators

- [@FrancescoIaderosa92](https://github.com/FrancescoIaderosa92/ecommerce-pattern-library)
- [@libecap](https://github.com/libecap/ecommerce-pattern-library)

Commit message:

Commit will create the privacy policy page

readme.md, after:

# Vape Master

## Introduction

Vape Master has been a successful vape company for over 10 years. The company started back in 2009 by a couple of high school drop outs. The company has been at the same main location since it was established. The company is so successful that it will expand its operations to a new part of town soon. Come check out our store where you can find the top quality vape products at rock bottom prices every single time.

---

## Installation

The pattern library is a Jekyll & Patternbot based application, so it requires Ruby to be installed.

[*☛ Follow these instructions to get Ruby & Bundler installed*](https://learn-the-web.algonquindesign.ca/courses/web-dev-4/install-more-developer-tools/)

1. Navigate to the correct folder in Terminal. Use GitHub Desktop’s `Repository > Open in Termal` command.
2. Type the following command `bundle install`

---

## Starting the server

The pattern library is a Jekyll & Patternbot based application that requires a running Terminal instance.

1. Navigate to the correct folder in Terminal. Use GitHub Desktop’s `Repository > Open in Termal` command.
2. Type the following command: `bundle exec jekyll serve`
3. View the functional website at: [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)
4. View the pattern library at: [http://localhost:4000/pattern-library/](http://localhost:4000/pattern-library/)
---

## Collaborators

- [@FrancescoIaderosa92](https://github.com/FrancescoIaderosa92/ecommerce-pattern-library)
- [@libecap](https://github.com/libecap/ecommerce-pattern-library)
